Playing:
        The formatting is static (I am guessing to the width of a PowerShell Window)
        so it looked a little weird at times, the *** would wrap onto a second line.

        Timing could have used a little more refinement.  I did like the use of pauses.

        It would have been a bit better to put the number from the roll on the same line
        as the statement before it.

        Took me a minute to understand that "The highest score for one dice game is X"
        meant the highest score from a single game.

        Personality in the help and rules

        Checking for a saved game! Great!
        
        Inconsistent options kinda bugged me.  At one point I enter a number,
        at another a lowercase word, at a third an uppercase word.

        Could you have gauged where the player was and displayed the appropriate
        help file instead of making them read a prelminiary help screen?

main.py:
        the if on line 19 could have been simplified to:
        if num_play in (1,2,3) or even more elegantly 
        if num_play in range(1,4)

        line 23 is unnecessary, seeing as sco_re is always 0 set 
        line 24 to new_player = Player(player_name, 0)

        Line 93, why does "The roll is" and "Your first roll is" have \n before them,
        but the others dont?

        the my_vals list strikes me as unnecessary in the rolling. roughly 102-115
        The same could be gotten by simply rolling all the dice and then 
        accessing them with i.my_val to decide the largest one.
        This holds true for both the myplay() and compplay() functions

        you repeat a decent amount of the initial code.
        Could you split off the lines variable and the creating of myDice list into a separate 
        function?

        The try/except statement starting on 477 is not doing anything.

        If save.txt doesn't exist the game blows up.  Same for the help files.  
        Check before opening a file to read.
        Writing doesn't need a check as it overwrites the file anyway.

General Notes:
        More Commenting would have been good.  